Full job description
About the Role:
Grade Level (for internal use): 05

The Team:
Our Ratings Technology Services and Technology Strategy Governance team enables a culture & mindset of Customer-First with a focus on delivering value through disciplined program delivery. Continuing to improve our User experience and stability of systems, employee productivity, innovation & overall employee engagement.

Responsibilities and Impact:
You will be p articipat ing in full development life cycle of product: design, development, testing , optimization and operations etc . in live environment impacting the world of finance.
Learn and adopt SAFE software development practices as part of our SDLC

Gain exposure into Ratings process and companywide standards, research, tools and other practices in analytical space.

Take ownership of a specific problem aimed at solving real world use case related to structured finance or finance in general.

Engage with senior leadership, build relations with diverse employee across the organization and get involved in various events other than your core responsibilities .

Compensation/Benefits Information:
S&P Global states that the anticipated base salary range of compensation for this position is $48,625 to $58,625. Final base salary compensation for this role will be based on the individual’s performance, geographic location, as well as experience level, skill set, training, licenses and certifications.

This role is not eligible for additional compensation such as an annual incentive bonus or sales commission plan.

What We’re Looking For:Basic Required Qualifications:
Have strong C omputer Scie nce fundamentals through a current pursuit of bachelor’s in C omputer S cience , math or Computer Engineering, Management Information Systems, or related discipline

Fully matriculated students with anticipated graduation date in Fall 2025 or Spring 2026

Some programming experience (either in class or in your personal time). We work mostly on Java and Python with some scala. However, in this ever-changing world, languages can be learned. We at S&P care more about your general engineering skill rather than knowledge of a particular language or framework.

Familiarity with navigating new codebases and managing work across different programming languages .

Collaborating with teammates during technical designs and planning.

Additional Preferred Qualifications:
Examples of relevant work and your approach to learning, such as GitHub repositories, StackOverflow contributions, or other project portfolios.

A proactive approach to learning unfamiliar systems and a demonstrated ability to understand complex systems independently.

About S&P Global Ratings
At S&P Global Ratings, our analyst-driven credit ratings, research, and sustainable finance opinions provide critical insights that are essential to translating complexity into clarity so market participants can uncover opportunities and make decisions with conviction. By bringing transparency to the market through high-quality independent opinions on creditworthiness, we enable growth across a wide variety of organizations, including businesses, governments, and institutions.
S&P Global Ratings is a division of S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI). S&P Global is the world’s foremost provider of credit ratings, benchmarks, analytics and workflow solutions in the global capital, commodity and automotive markets. With every one of our offerings, we help many of the world’s leading organizations navigate the economic landscape so they can plan for tomorrow, today.

For more information, visit www.spglobal.com/ratings

What’s In It For You?

Our Purpose:
Progress is not a self-starter. It requires a catalyst to be set in motion. Information, imagination, people, technology–the right combination can unlock possibility and change the world.

Our world is in transition and getting more complex by the day. We push past expected observations and seek out new levels of understanding so that we can help companies, governments and individuals make an impact on tomorrow. At S&P Global we transform data into Essential Intelligence®, pinpointing risks and opening possibilities. We Accelerate Progr